3.4api链接地址更新 (#1936)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/scripting/reference-class.md

console.log(Foo.count); // The result is 11, because `count` inherits from the `Object` class

Foo.range.w = 200;

> console.log(Object.range.w); // The result is 200 because `Foo.range` and `Object.range` refer to the same object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log(Object.range.w); // The result is 200 because 'Foo.range' and 'Object.range' refer to the same object
```
